akiva_s,roigreenberg
Akiva Sygal(305277220), Roi Greenberg(305571234)
Ex: 3

FILES:
README
blockChain.cpp -- a file that implements the given blockChain.h
makefile

REMARKS:
we used the next DASTs: one map that holds the information about every block,
a list of all leaves in the tree-chain (which is enough to represent the chain
itself), a list of all deepest leaves from which we random each time we want
to get the longest branch in chain, and a queue of pending blocks that have
to be added to chain.
we manage 2 threads more than the main one: a deamon thread that tries all
the time to add the new blocks to chain, and a thread that is responsible
to close the chain when close_chain is called.
To make sure only one init can be called and also the init is the first to be 
called, we use an ENUM that know the current state, destroyed,destroying or 
initialized. this prevents also adding blocks to chain while destroying it.

we had a lock for every data structure, and we made the order of locking the
structures consistent through the whole program to prevent deadlocks. 
In addition, we got a condition variable that announce the deamon that there 
are new pending blocks that have to be added, and a lock for the 
synchronization between the closing thread and "return to close" function.
another lock is used in order to let attach now stop the deamon thread 
immediatly (without having to wait till deamon will open the pending lock so
"attach now" could take it. this way "attach now" can just actively block the 
deamon till it ends its attachement).

ANSWERS:

1. That happend because 'add_block' is non-blocking. The number is affected by
the time take to calculate the hash.
If add_block will be blocking or hashing time will be 0 that will change.

2. We can mark every block with 'to_longest'. That way every block will add at
the bottom of the chain and there will be no 'sub-chain'.

3. If we wont block the chain while calculating the hash of a block with 
'to_longest' flag, there is a chance that during the long hash calculation 
other block added to the chain(one that start earlier, or in case attach_now 
add it) or prune was called and delete the father and then we will need to 
calculate it again. that scenerio can be every time up to infinity and the 
block wont succeed to be addad.
